Theoretical Questions Assignment-II:
Notes:
•	Please be descriptive in your answer and write answers in your word even if you are taking 
help from other websites for this.
•	 Answers should be elaborative as if you’re trying to explain it to someone and use charts and plots if needed.
•	Also practice answering this by speaking out loud and use pen and paper to explain to yourself.

1. Explain Data-Preprocessing and What steps do you know?
2. Explain Missing Value handle and Immutation techinques you know?
3. Explain Categorical Value handle and all different techinques you know?
4. Explain Outiler Detection technique and all techniques to detect and treat them?
5. Explain Feature Scaling techinque and techniques you know?

For below questions write down steps for performing steps of imputation:
6. Explain under what scenarios you use mean,meadian,mode imputation with examples?
7. How would you handle missing value for numerical values?
8. How would you handle missing value for categorical values?

For below questions write down steps for performing steps of encoding take inspiration from below link:
https://towardsdatascience.com/ways-to-handle-categorical-data-before-train-ml-models-with-implementation-ffc213dc84ec
9. What is Label Encoding technique, When would you use this,explain with scenario?
10. What is One-hot Encoding technique, When would you use this,explain with scenario?
11. What is Dummy Encoding technique, When would you use this,explain with scenario?
12. What is Frequency Encoding technique, When would you use this,explain with scenario?
13. What is Mean/Target Encoding technique, When would you use this,explain with scenario?
14. What is Hash Encoding technique, When would you use this,explain with scenario?
15. What is Binary/BaseNEncoder technique, When would you use this,explain with scenario?

For below questions write down steps for performing steps of Outlier Handling:
16. Explain IQR technique for Outlier-detection technique? Explain with Example?
17. Explain Z-score technique for Outlier-detection technique? Explain with Example?

For below questions write down steps for performing steps of Scaling Treatment:
18. What is Normal Scaling? When would you use Normal Scaling technique.
19. What is Standard Scaling? When would you Standard Scaling technique.


Scenario Based Question:
1. For the given Data Set Perform Pre-processing
https://machinehack.com/hackathons/predicting_house_prices_in_bengaluru/data
How would you approach Pre-processing for this? Describe the steps first and perform it in jupyter notebook.

2. For the given Data Set Perform Pre-processing
https://machinehack.com/hackathons/predict_the_price_of_books/notebooks
How would you approach Pre-processing for this? Describe the steps first and perform it in jupyter notebook.



