Theoretical Questions Assignment-I :
(All answers should be elaborative 150-200 words and plots and figure if needed).
1. What is Exploratory Data Analysis? And why do we perform them?
2. Explain how you perform an EDA? (You can make your own assupmtions for Data.)
3. What is Univariate Analysis? Why do we perform them?
4. What is Bi-Variate Analysis? Why do we perform them?
5. What is Multi-variate Analysis? Why do we perform them?
6. What are the typical steps in Data-Pre processing?

7. What is Box plot and Violin plot? Explain with Example.
6. What are Histogram and distribution plot? Explain with Example.

8. What is Count plot and Pie-chart? Explain with Example

9. What is Bar plot ? Explain different varities of barplot, e.g horizontal Bar plot , vertical Bar plot and Stacked Bar plot. Also, explain when you would use one over other?

10. What is Scatter plot? Explain with Example

11. What is Area chart and Line Chart? What is the difference between them explain usages with Example?

12. What is Data Sanity check ?

13. What is Missing value handling? Explain with different scenarios and steps to Identify and deal with them.

14. What is Categorical value Handling? Explain with different scenarios and steps to Identify and deal with them.

15. What is Outlier Detection?Explain with different scenarios and steps to Identify and deal with them.

16. What is Feature Scaling?Explain with different scenarios and steps to Identify and deal with them.

Scenario Based Questions:

1. Given a data set with all numerical columns.
https://gist.githubusercontent.com/tijptjik/9408623/raw/b237fa5848349a14a14e5d4107dc7897c21951f5/wine.csv
How would you approach EDA for this? Describe the steps first and perform it in jupyter notebook.

2. Given a dataset with combination of categorical and Numerical values.
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/chandlergibbons/-Norway-Automobile-Market-ETL-Project/main/Rizky/fuel_econ.csv
How would you approach EDA for this? Describe the steps first and perform it in jupyter notebook.

